*******
COPYING
*******

Copyright 2011 by Jon McManus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

---

The "jQuizzyva icon" is a modified version of `Zyzzyva.jpg`_, found on
Wikimedia Commons, by Matthew Fang. It is licensed under a CreativeCommons
Attribution ShareAlike license. Likewise, this vector image
(``util/jquivvyza.svg``) is licensed as CreativeCommons Attribution ShareAlike.

---

The jQuery `selectmenu`_ plug-in is dual-licensed under the terms of the MIT
and GPL licenses.

---

The jQuery `flexigrid`_ plug-in is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

---

`Closable Tabs`_ extension of a non-specific license.

---

The jQuery `timers`_ plug-in is licensed under the terms of the `WTFPL`_ license.

---

The jQuery `fileinput`_ plug-in is licensed under the terms of the GNU Public
License. My alterations to it, like the rest of this code, are licensed under
the terms of the above MIT license.

---

The jQuery `forms`_ plug-in is licensed under the GNU Public License and the
MIT license.

---

The jQuery `cookie`_ plug-in is dual licensed under the GNU Public License and
the MIT license.

---

The jQuery `caret`_ plug-in is licensed under the MIT license.

.. _`caret`: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/jCaret 

.. _`cookie`: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/Cookie

.. _`forms`: http://malsup.com/jquery/form/#download

.. _`fileinput`: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/fileinput

.. _`timers`: http://plugins.jquery.com/files/jquery.timers-1.2.js.txt

.. _`WTFPL`: http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/

.. _`Closable Tabs`: http://flavoriffic.blogspot.com/2008/05/jquery-ui-and-closable-tabs.html

.. _`flexigrid`: http://code.google.com/p/flexigrid/

.. _`Selectmenu`: https://github.com/fnagel/jquery-ui/wiki/Selectmenu

.. _`Zyzzyva.jpg`: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Zyzzyva.jpg
